We're going to set up the notebook by doing a couple library installations.
Once we're done, we're going to import those libraries.
Let's see. Yes. It shouldn't take too long. Good, it's done.
So, first, we will generate features and labels that formed the 'and' operator.
So, that means when feature zero and feature one are both one,
then the label output is one,
else the label is zero.
So, what I mean by that,
this is just saying true and true equals true,
true and false equals false,
false and true equals false,
and false and false equals false.
Okay. So, that's the and operator.
Except when we say true,
then we denote that with the number one,
and when we say false,
we denote that with the number zero.
So, here, when we create the data,
let's take a look at what the data looks like.
Here, are the features.
So, you can see that features zero and one are the ones that form the 'and' operator.
You'll see this one will show the target.
The feature two, this third column right here,
you'll notice that it's always the same and therefore,
it's not going to have any feature importance.
So, we're expecting this third feature right in
here to not have any significance to the model.
Okay. So, here's the targets also called labels.
You can see that the first 25 percent of these data points have the value one,
and that coincides with the features,
features zero and one.
So, this first column and this middle column,
they're are both one.
So, it's like true and true is true.
Otherwise, in all the other cases,
you can see either one or the other is zero,
and therefore, the label is also zero for all the rest.
Okay? So, now, let's train a decision tree on this data.
So, tree.decisiontreeclassifier and then fit it on the data that we generated, x and y.
We'll also just visualize what this looks like.
So, you can see that it's splitting on feature one.
So, one is less than or equal to 0.5,
then go to the left sub-tree,
otherwise, go to the right sub-tree.
And then here, it's splitting on feature zero.
If it's less than or equal to 0.5,
then go to the left sub-tree,
otherwise, go to the right sub tree.
So, this one leaf node here is actually the case.
When feature one is true and when feature zero is also true.
So, when true and true then true.
Otherwise, all the other cases are false and you won't see the labels here,
but this is what it means.